madam speaker mr. vice president members
of the Congress much to my surprise here
we are again for the third year in a row
with this guy but he'll what do I know
I'm just the guy who yells things so
without further ado you knowing I hate
him here he is the bumble is way through
booked for the third and hopefully last
time does somehow still President of the
United States Donald J Trump
tonight as you saw the president stood
before a joint session of Congress to
deliver the state of the Confederacy
I mean Union and this speech was exactly
what you might expect from Donald Trump
and a teleprompter not a great fit it
was a self congratulatory speech in the
first 10 minutes Trump used the word I
more than all of LensCrafters does in a
whole year but in fairness of the
president why should we expect him to be
able to deliver the State of the Union
when he doesn't even know the state of
Kansas City preempted their regular
programming for this instead of a new
episode of this is us most Americans
spent tonight going this is us Trump's
theme for his speech was the great
American comeback also known as GAC and
Trump boasted about unemployment about
the stock market which is a little like
the captain of the Titanic going yeah
but have you tried the shrimp one of the
funnier intro reactions or lack thereof
tonight was Mike Pence and Nancy Pelosi
standing side by side not talking to
each other for the whole time which was
kind of rude on his part because she
tried really hard to make him president
and Pelosi and pence it looked like two
divorced parents at a the kids
graduation so the president walks in he
comes in he shakes a lot of white
people's hands and then when he gets to
the podium now he's supposed to hand
copies of a speech to the vice president
which he does and to the Speaker of the
House and she reaches out for a
handshake but that is not happening
first time he decides not to touch a
woman that's there as you can see the
first lady as well not happy Mike Pence
scared he was turned directly at the
back of trumps head all ages it was like
he was just waiting for the right moment
to jump on that leg and hump there were
a lot of great reactions to this speech
in this one the president again tried to
convince us that there really is such a
thing as a space force just weeks ago
for the first time since President
Truman established the air force more
than 70 years earlier we created a brand
new branch of the United States Armed
Forces it's called a space force
[Applause]
just keep quiet just keeps staring
straight ahead maybe you'll forget about
this Trump promised he would always
protect patients with pre-existing
conditions which is something I will
definitely remind him of when he most
certainly does exactly the opposite of
that it really is brazen how he just
says things and then does the opposite
of them he also gave Rush Limbaugh the
Presidential Medal of Freedom
this today is Rosa Parks Day and this is
a medal they gave Rosa Parks tonight
rush limbaugh got it and then Trump
turned his plan to crippled public
schools into what was basically a game
show but Jen I have some good news for
you because I am pleased to inform you
that your long wait is over I can
proudly announce tonight that an
opportunity scholarship has become
available is going to you and you will
soon be heading to the school of your
choice
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe Bob Barker should be President
instead and then he surprised an army
wife by bringing her husband back from
Afghanistan and reuniting them live on
TV it was like an Oprah's Favorite
Things show but without Oprah this is
fun too you could actually bet on what
Trump would say in the speech now
there's a real odds from a website you
could bet on whether he would say the
words impeach impeach her impeachment he
did not another bet was will Trump refer
to Pelosi as nervous Nancy or crazy
Nancy he did not he really was on his be
best tonight it but this this is funny
this is a first I think you could bet on
the number of Lies he would tell and the
over-under for non facts as they called
him was 27 and a half and to keep tabs
on that they actually hooked the
president up to a polygraph in comes her
soul
poverty is plummeting crime is falling
confidence is surging our borders are
secure our families are flourishing our
values are renewed our pride is restored
and for all of these reasons I say to
the people of our great country and to
the members of Congress the state of our
union is stronger than ever before
senator bernie sanders delivered the
unofficial rebuttal to the State of
Union from New Hampshire the official
Democratic response was given by
Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer but
Bernie's was louder so most people heard
that and for the second year in a row
the official spanish-language response
to the state of the union was delivered
by this prominent senator
[Music]
buenas tardes miss competitors yo soy
guillermo sfm discursive de Rivoli
tenemos un Presidente de Rivoli me hace
que en Bora charming
I see remember H a gracias y que ellos
bendiga losses Tony America today the
Democrat somehow found a way to lose the
Democratic caucus in Iowa who could have
ever imagined that having people shout
out their votes in the middle school
could ever produce an unclear result but
it did it turn into a very late night
which is especially bad for mayor Pete
he didn't get on stage until well past
his curfew now he's grounded for the New
Hampshire primary part of the reason it
took so long is because this is how they
count the votes in Iowa total is short
for poultry accident not as far as I
know the Iowa caucus is the only thing
that happens all year in Iowa and still
they didn't get her right no results
were posted for more than 12 hours after
the polls closed in part because of
issues with a new app they were using to
tally votes why they used an app I have
no idea I watch these caucuses the
average age of the participant is if I
might probably in the mid Bernie Sanders
these are not app for these people app
isn't short for application it's short
for applesauce so what did you expect
was gonna happen the president of course
was delighted by this he weighed in
today tweeting it is not the fault of
Iowa it is the do-nothing Democrats
fault as long as I am president Iowa
will stay where it is
was there as was there talk of moving
Iowa because did I I would decide to
retire and move to Florida because I
didn't know about this app was made by a
company called shadow Inc which was
founded by veterans of the Hillary
Clinton campaign good idea get those
guys again they did a bang-up job the
last time around they went out and they
might not have any count the votes by
hand and finally they released some
results of five o'clock this afternoon
and with 62% of the precincts reporting
the winner of the Iowa caucus is lala
land actually no it would appear based
on these still not final numbers that
the winner of the caucus it will be
either Pete Budaj edge or Bernie Sanders
they were very close at both lead
characters from the movie up won the
Iowa caucus tonight it's still sorting
through the boats but even though they
are still sorting clear votes we want to
check in and see how it's going and with
us tonight we are joined by alum a key
County caucus Gordon area how Pembroke
who is hello how how thank you for
joining us how I guess we caught him on
this break how it's Jimmy Kimmel oh
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry I guess I must've dozed off yeah
it looks like you did doze off a little
bit there yeah you okay yeah yeah I'm
fine okay all right great well wonderful
where are you right now I'm in the field
okay and that pile of paper in front of
you are those the ballots they sure as
heck are okay so you're counting the
votes in a field it's harvest season
Jimmy all the indoors are filled with
corn right now oh my goodness well how
is the count going couldn't be better
I'd say a plus a hard start is really
going good well I'm glad to hear that
who is winning your district right now
that's a heck of a good question let's
see so far it's uh Pete booty giggle and
hood a judge but a judge yeah
he has one vote uh-huh and so far
everyone else has zero wait you've all
counted one vote well how many votes
have you counted bozo none that's not my
job well won't be due for you you've got
a job you wear shoe okay well listen I
don't want to turn this into a fire now
aren't you supposed to be using the new
app to count the votes well I tried the
app but every time I punched in a vote a
car would come and pick me up a car with
oh I think you're using the wrong app I
think that's a burr that you're using
well that explains how I wound up
halfway to Des Moines through your job
Wesley deep sleep on the job how do you
have any sense of how Bernie Sanders is
doing oh no I'm not allowed to count the
Bernie votes why not conflict of
interest he's my grandpa oh wow how
about that some kind of nepotism deal I
see I see
okay listen I'd love to sit here and
shoot the breeze all day but I gotta
finish this up before the storm blows in
is there a storm coming oh they don't
call this a tornado
okay looks like she's gonna be a big one
all right well thank you for talking to
us are you what are you mr. Hogg but the
hell Golduck 2000 my older yeah I didn't
order one but you know that's how
Pembroke in Iowa
sometimes we reach out give acting jobs
to the community thanks for watching if
you liked that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings